---
sidebar_position: 34
---
# Version 1.12.0.0
```
Date: 18.06.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features across the apiculus® system.

## The All-New SP Admin Console

We’ve changed a fair bit of things on the apiculus® Admin Console, starting right with the navigation structure. The Admin Console is now more intuitive and gives more information in a ready-to-use manner. Whether it’s Metabase-powered dashboards or simply a list of all unpaid invoices, we’ve covered it all.

## New Integration - Dashboards (powered by Metabase)

All Metabase dashboards can now be viewed directly on apiculus®. This provides ready access to accounts, billing, marketing, marketplace, and support reports for all administrator users on apiculus® Admin Console.

## New Feature - Configurations Manager for Administrators

The apiculus® Admin Console now comes with more self-configuration capabilities. We’ve added new options in the Settings section using which platform administrators can change a lot of configurations. This also includes encryption of all sensitive data during transfer and at rest, just to add that extra layer of security.

This is just the beginning - we’ll be adding a lot more configurations and settings in the coming releases so that administrators get the power to change platform behaviours themselves.

## New Feature - Selectable Line Items on Credit Notes

We’ve added a fourth method for creating credit notes against invoices, wherein admins can choose the exact invoice line items to generate credit notes with.

This comes in addition to options for creating credit notes with the full invoice amount, partial invoice amount and custom line items.

## Other Enhancements

- Invoice credit periods can now be defined at an account level
- Financial and billing notifications are now sent to emails defined as ‘billing contact’ for all accounts, in addition to sending to the primary contact
- Complete subscriber account ID can now be seen instead of just the account number on the Admin Console
- Subscriber payments can now be captured directly using PayPal
- Subscriber account and organisation details can be viewed under the user/profile menu
- A lot of bug fixes and under-the-hood improvements have been made