---
sidebar_position: 40
---
# Version 1.8.0.0
```
Date: 27.01.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with few new features and a few under-the-hood optimisations and fixes across the apiculus system.

## New Feature - Global & Account Level Dunning Configurations

apiculus速 now supports setting up dunning policies on the apiculus速 admin console. Dunning policies can be implemented at a global level, which will be applicable to all new accounts as a default, and also at an account level, which allows service providers to configure customer-specific dunning. Dunning policies can be triggered on time since due date expiry, negative service balance, service balance below a threshold, service balance as a percentage of credit limit, and on transaction balance as a percentage of credit limit. The corresponding dunning actions can be configured to notify, restrict, suspend, terminate or reactivate accounts.

## Feature Refresh - Promo Codes are now Discount Codes

Promo codes have been revamped as Discount Codes. This is part of the larger overall plan of turning discounts and coupons as powerful marketing tools. Additionally, discounts and coupons can also be edited and disabled on the apiculus速 admin console interface.

## Feature Refresh - Plan and Catalogue Deletion and Updation

apiculus速 now supports updation and deletion of active plans and catalogues. We have also improved the user experience while creating a plan with prefilled fields and values to assist in the creation of plans depending upon the plan category.

## Other Fixes and Improvements:

- The SSH key format issue when downloaded in the Firefox browser is resolved.
- Mobile numbers now support a minimum of 7 digits instead of 8.
- Coupons now have an in-built dashboard that shows the coupon utilization numbers.
- Fixed the sidebar to accommodate long cloud titles.