---
sidebar_position: 38
---
# Version 1.10.0.0
```
Date: 01.03.2021
Type: MAjor
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features and enhancements across the apiculus® system.

## Enhancement - Invoice PDF Download from UI

apiculus® now supports Invoice PDF files to be downloaded from Ul admin users. Administrator users can also download a PDF invoice (upon generation), which can be shared or tracked easily.

## New Feature - Automated Invoice PDF on Email

apiculus® now supports Invoice PDF files to be sent on email to both subscriber and admin users. Subscriber users will now receive an automatically generated PDF invoice on their email, and they can further share the invoice with their billing teams or financial consultants.

Simultaneously, administrator users will also receive an automatically generated PDF invoice on their email, which can be shared or tracked easily.

## New Feature - Credit Notes

apiculus® now ships newly designed and improved credit notes for both subscriber and admin users. Now, admin users can create and view credit notes (supplementary invoices) on the SP admin console.

apiculus® also supports admin users to download credit notes (supplementary invoices) that have been generated. Moreover, credit notes pdf files to be sent on email to both subscriber and admin users. Subscriber users will now receive a PDF credit note on their email

Simultaneously, administrator users will also receive a PDF credit note on their email.

## New Feature - Discount Code while Upgrading/Downgrading a VM

apiculus® now supports the option to use a discount code while purchasing a VM. Now users can use a promo code and reduce the price of VM.

## Enhancement - Subscription End Date in Inactive Subscriptions Lists

apiculus® now supports subscription end date in the Inactive subscriptions list where users can see at what date a particular subscription has ended.