---
sidebar_position: 23
---
# Version 1.17.2.0
```
Date: 08.02.2022
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This is a minor release with a few new features across the apiculus® system.

## New Feature: Usage Feed

Now on apiculus® usage feed is available for both subscribers and admins. For subscribers, a new menu usage feed is available under financials and for admin, a new tab usage feed is available under account details. At a glance, subscribers are able to view the usage records of their subscriptions, admins can view the usage feed of their all-end customers, and also there is an option to download the usage feed.

## New Feature: Relationship Personnel

Admins now can easily configure the relationship personnel details from the relationship personnel tab under account details and subscribers can view the details in the relationship personnel tab under profile. Currently, admins can add a maximum of two POC for each customer account.

## Quick Plan Enhancements: Quantity Capture and Custom Communication.

Quick plans have been redesigned to allow for quantity capture, custom communication, etc. Now subscribers are able to purchase multiples of a particular quick plan in one go, the subscriber can also purchase a set of multiples at a different time i.e., maybe 5 licenses of a particular quick plan on day 1 and then again 7 licenses on day 10. Subscribers also have the option to release multiple subscriptions partially or fully. Admin can send custom emails to customers along with the attachments so that they can intimate the relevant information.

## NetScaler Enhancements

Now NetScaler automatic provisioning is done in a simple single click fashion, with no need for admin approval and a detailed email has been added to explain how to activate the service.

## Other Improvements

- Problem of random cross-cluster VM creation on upgrades has been fixed.
- Added sorting options for CPU, RAM, and disk in the marketplace.
- Added a new SMS Gateway integration with the Kapsystem.
- Added a new API to register users.