---
sidebar_position: 31
---
# Version 1.14.0.0
```
Date: 06.08.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features across the apiculus® system.

## Trial Programmes

We've added the ability to create trial programmes and manage trials or PoC accounts. Administrators and account managers can specify a trial duration (days) and programme benefits (percentage discount), and enrol accounts in the programmes.

This feature brings the flexibility to create single-window trials as well as more complex ramp-up trials. Further, trial management also gives the control to the administrators and account managers to schedule trial enrolments.

## Trial Management Triggers for Automation

As an extension to trial programmes, we've also added two new triggers for global and account-level automation - trial programme beginning and trial programme expiry. Using these, trial customers can be engaged with more personally, and service provider sales teams can get a few steps closer to converting them to paying customers.

## Root Disk Resizing

The long awaited root disk resize for virtual machines is finally here. Honestly, we're also surprised that it took us so long to get here. But water under the bridge, IaaS users can now resize their VM root disks to whatever configurations are enabled by the service provider.

## Bare Metal as a Service - Marketplace Enablement

For service providers who wish to offer bare metal services along with IaaS, apiculus® has got it covered as an integration with Canonical's MAAS. Any bare metal inventory can now be offered through the apiculus® marketplace with a lot of pricing levers, such as custom components, managed services inclusions, price overrides etc.

Further, users can view all their bare metal resources as well as start or stop them.

## Bulk Upload of Payments and Credit Notes

For service provider teams who are dealing in a large number of credit notes and offline payments, this feature will come as a boon! No more will it be required to go into each account and add payments or create credit notes one by one.

Instead, administrators and billing/financial managers can just download the template files, fill them up and upload - the system will take care of everything else!

## Other Improvements

- Admin users can now be updated and removed from the administration console.
- Information on root disk size has been added to VM details.
- Information on subscription interval has been added to VM details.
- Fixed an issue that was restricting changing subscription interval (hourly to monthly and vice versa) for a VM without changing the VM configuration.
- Fixed an issue that was restricting VM configuration change without changing both CPU and RAM.
- Link to the wallet page has been added to the invoice email.
- SLA, privacy policy and T&C have been added to all emails and will show up as links in the footer.
- Limits have been added on the 'to' and 'cc' fields in all system-generated emails.
- Fixed an issue that was updating PayPal keys incorrectly.
- Wallet balance for an account has been added to the top of account details for ease of access on the administration console.
- Minor changes around 'I agree' statements have been made.
- Payment and document notifications now show organisation name along with other details.
- Global credit notes view has been added to the Financials menu on the administration console.
- Added support for creating discount codes for managed service plans.