---
sidebar_position: 25
---
# Version 1.17.0.0
```
Date: 06.12.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features across the apiculus速 system.

## New Marketplace Integration: Load Balancer as a Service Using Citrix NetScaler VPX

Service providers can now monetise load balancer as a service using Citrix NetScaler VPX as the underlying platform. LBaaS is available in marketplace under network services. Subscribers can get started in a simple single click process!

## New Feature: Trial Subscriptions

In addition to the trial programmes, apiculus速 now also has trial subscriptions. Admins can easily create trial subscriptions to address their marketing strategy, account retention strategy, service launch strategy and more.

## New Feature: Taxation Type/Category Update

This is a new utility feature where customers' taxation categories can be changed. So, the scenarios like organisations acquiring special tax status, exemption status or even incorrect classification while creating an account are all covered.

## New Feature: Policy Management

This is also a utility feature. Administrators can now manage updates to policies like SLA, privacy, EULA and T&C right here on apiculus速. Any updated policy doc will require customer acceptance before they can proceed with using the CMP.

## New Feature: OTT Based Login

apiculus速 now supports a token-based login from any other system. This is an extremely useful feature for service providers who wish to offer cloud as an addition to their portfolio.

## Other Improvements

- Fixed an issue with the creation of Quick Plans.
- Fixed some bugs on UI for tax deductions.
- Fixed an issue while adding an order.