---
sidebar_position: 36
---
# Version 1.11.0.0
```
Date: 14.04.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features and a few under-the-hood optimisations and fixes across the apiculus® system.

## New Feature - Digital Signature

Apiculus® now supports invoices to be electronically authenticated using digital signing solutions. If enabled, all invoices generated on apiculus® will be electronically authenticated and will show a digital signature on download.

## New Feature - EC2 Provisioning

apiculus® now supports provisioning of EC2 instances as part of the AWS Subscription module. Subscribers can choose/specify the AWS region, AMI name, instance type and a name for the instance to create an EC2 instance from the apiculus. Additionally, subscribers can also view a lot more information on their EC2 instances on apiculus® CloudConsole.

## New Feature - KYC / Document-based Identity Verification

Administrators and account managers can now carry out identity verification processes (know your customer) on the apiculus® admin console. Account admins can now approve or reject identity documents uploaded by subscribers. Account admins can also mark subscriber accounts as ‘verified’ after approving their documents.

## New Feature - Verification-based Account Automation

We’ve re-jigged the dunning workflows to be able to handle more trigger-action-based account automation workflows, and we now call it ‘Automation’, available both globally and at an account level. Administrators on the apiculus® admin console can now create (global and account-level) automation policies based on the identity verification status of subscriber accounts.

## New Feature - Resending Invoices and Credit Notes

Apiculus® now supports resending invoices and credit notes where admins can resend invoice and credit note PDF files to the subscriber on email.

## Other Fixes and Improvements:

- Fixed some display issues on the localised numbering system on the admin console.
- Fixed a display issue on viewing and editing start dates for coupons.
- Discount codes now show the discount type and discount value along with other details.
- Fixed a bug due to which child users were unable to use autoscale and Kubernetes services.
- Fixed an issue with invoice generation.
- Fixed an issue with deferred subscription closures.
- Credit notes now show the same account details as on the parent invoice.
- Added support for more invoice formats.
- Fixed an issue where reseller account creation was showing only Indian taxation IDs.