---
sidebar_position: 39
---
# Version 1.9.0.0
```
Date: 19.02.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features and a few under-the-hood optimisations and fixes across the apiculus® system.

## New Feature - Multiple Taxation IDs

apiculus® now supports multiple taxation IDs for all subscriber accounts. Service providers can now control accounts and compliance requirements based on the taxation IDs required in their countries. All taxation IDs will be displayed on invoices as well in subscriber profiles.

## New Feature - ProfileCheck

Service providers can now control subscriber profile completeness by specifying if a profile check is required before any purchase is made from the marketplace. Profileheck has been introduced as a new feature on apiculus® which, when enabled,will allow subscribers to proceed with a purchase only when mandatory profile fields like country, state, address and taxation IDs are available. Until and unless all the required fields have been filled, a user cannot purchase the resource. Using ProfileCheck, you no longer need to deal with incomplete invoices and profiles.

## New Feature - Credit Note Listing on Subscriber Console

apiculus® now supports viewing of all credit notes (supplementary invoices) that have been generated against incorrect or disputed invoices.

## New Feature - Invoice PDF on Email

apiculus® now supports Invoice PDF files to be sent on email to both subscriber and admin users. Subscriber users will now receive a PDF invoice on their email (upon generation), and they can further share the invoice with their billing teams or financial consultants. Simultaneously, administrator users will also receive a PDF invoice on their email (upon generation), which can be shared or tracked easily.

## New Feature - Reseller Management

apiculus® now supports Reseller Management using which service providers can onboard reseller and channel partners to acquire new customers. Administrators on the service provider’s team can view and manage resellers and view reseller-level reports. Resellers, in turn, also get access to the reseller admin console which they can use to track accounts that they’ve acquired for the service provider using their unique reseller code.

## Other Fixes and Improvements:

- Fixed a display bug where the price button was overlapping the plan description during VM purchase.
- Fixed an incorrect message that was getting displayed while creating a VM in VPC.
- Fixed validation bugs on the signup form.
- Fixed an issue where the catalogues listing was not showing account name.
- Fixed an issue that was preventing signups from countries that do not have any state or province.