---
sidebar_position: 28
---
# Version 1.16.0.0
```
Date: 06.10.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a lot of new features across the apiculus速 system.

## TDS as a payment against invoice

We have added a new feature called tax deductions on apiculus速 Admin console. Admins now will be able to configure tax deductions via a new section under Settings called Tax Deductions. This involves taxes deducted by the customers while making a payment and is different from taxation on services which involves taxes charged on the services delivered.

## Backend Orders Revamped

We have added the capability to enter the contract details manually where the admin users can customize the fields to collect the data as per their requirement. For subscriptions that are already created, admins will be able to view the corresponding contract. Admins can now associate contracts to the existing subscriptions also.

## Primary Email Change

Now on the apiculus速 Admin console we have the option of changing the customers primary email id. The customer's primary email id can be changed anytime in simple and verified steps and the notification will go to both the new and old email ids. No need to worry if some primary email id is no longer used. One can avoid the deactivation and creation of new accounts using this feature!

## Adding Charge and Discount Manually

Now apiculus速 has the provision from Admin console to add positive and negative line items as one-time subscriptions that will be a great boost to billing-related workflows. This will act as a powerful standalone as well as auxiliary feature.

## Other Improvements

- Admin users can now change the price of a subscription after it has been activated.
- Availability of subscription details on Invoices.
- Fixed an issue in which for resetting VM password, email content was having the details as undefined.
- Admin and subscribers will have the option of viewing the enabled services listing of user accounts.
- With trial programme enhancements, now an account can enrol in multiple trials without any overlaps.
- We have added the option for Admins to edit and delete accounts which are in the draft and awaiting states.
- Fixed an issue where the profile section was getting frozen in the subscriber console.