---
sidebar_position: 43
---
# Version 1.7.1.0
```
Date: 20.12.2020
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with new integrations, new add-ons, new features and a lot of under-the-hood enhancements, optimisations and fixes across the apiculus system.

## New Integration - Google Tag Manager

apiculus now supports Google Tag Manager for managing tag containers. Using Google Tag Manager, apiculus can be extended to a wide range of marketing intelligence tools, such as:

**From Google Tag Manager:**

- Analytics: Google Analytics, Amplitude, Heap
- CRM and Chat: HubSpot, Drift, Intercom, Pardot
- Ad Intelligence: Facebook Pixel, Google Ads, Linkedin Insights
- And many more

**To Google Tag Manager:**
- Mixpanel, Segment, Mailchimp

In short, marketing teams can now use apiculus with their advanced marketing tech stacks.

## New Feature - Role-based Access for Administrators

apiculus now ships with a newly designed and improved SP (Service Provider) Admin role-based access control feature. Every role has their own privileges based on predefined business functions and the requirement of data access control is provided to them on the SP admin dashboard. The new introduced roles are:

- Admin
- Accounts
- Product
- Marketing
- Support
- Finance
- Read-only/User

## New Marketplace Integration - Amazon Web Services

apiculus now enables service providers to resell AWS and offer their customers a unified cloud usage and billing experience. Along with the SP-branded cloud services, local cloud providers can now provide cloud brokerage to their enterprise customers and enable them to run hybrid workloads that are localised from a data residency perspective, and scalable from the application perspective.

## New Marketplace Integration - apiculus Kubernetes Service

Say hello to Kubernetes! With this release, we present the apiculus Kubernetes Service (aKS). aKS is a Kubernetes-driven, fully automated ClusterOps service for clouds powered by Cloudstack. aKS allows apiculus cloud users to seamlessly deploy Kubernetes clusters for running containerised cloud-native workloads. Further, aKS works with Rancher (the global gold standard for container management) for advanced cluster management, operations and application catalogues.

## New Add-on - apiculus Dashboards

apiculus Dashboards is a highly scalable reporting and dashboards add-on that talks to all the underlying systems and provides an exhaustive set of reports and dashboards for various technical and commercial stakeholders in the SP team. Powered by Metabase, an open-source tool that converts data into beautiful dashboard visualisations, apiculus Dashboards are targeted towards service provider teams that are engaged in decision-making on various aspects of their cloud business.

## New Feature - Custom Invoice Formats

In order to meet the requirements of different taxation and compliance regulations in different countries, apiculus now supports custom invoice templates. Service providers no longer need to spend on a separate invoicing tool just to meet compliance requirements - apiculus now has it all covered.

## Enhancements On the Subscriber-Side Dashboard

- Availability zones and regions are now displayed in human-friendly English.
- Credit limit information has been added on the dashboard.
- Service provider banding has been added to some of the transient screens, e.g., forgot password, account confirmation etc.

## Enhancements On the Service Provider-Side Dashboard

- Promo codes can now be generated for different IaaS categories. These include VM, VPC, disk, IP, SS and DT.
- An issue where customer-specific promo codes were not working has been resolved.
- All promo and coupon fields that were showing customer IDs now show customer IDs along with organisation names.
- Account/organisation names can now be seen in the list of catalogues instead of user IDs.
- Admins and marketing users can now create custom links to show up on the Help menu for subscribers.

## Other Fixes and Improvements

- Technical Contact records are now getting updated on the Account Edit module.
- Privacy policy link has been added to the payment confirmation and gateway redirection popover.
- Form field validation on subscriber’s profile details has been fixed to accept mandatory fields as expected.
- Some provinces and regions have been updated based on the latest political data.
- The SP admin interface sections can now be filtered by organisation instead of user names.
- A lot of performance and under-the-hood improvements are part of this release.

## Known Issues

- SSH keys generated (on apiculus) and downloaded using Firefox might not work due to a formatting issue.