---
sidebar_position: 0
---
# Version 2.3.1.0
```
Date: 17.09.2024
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This is a minor release with a few new features and enhancements across the Apiculus® system. In this release, key enhancements include a new pricing system for RHEL instances, service plan visibility options, and significant catalogue management process improvements.

## New Feature: RHEL Core-Based Pricing System

Apiculus now supports a detailed RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) pricing model based on virtual CPU (vCPU) core slabs. Administrators can configure pricing per Red Hat’s standard core model, which includes:

- 1-8 vCPUs
- 9-128 vCPUs
- 129+ vCPUs

Service provider admins can easily define pricing tiers via the Apiculus admin portal, streamlining the setup for various RHEL instance types. End-users benefit from an easy provisioning process by accessing the "RHEL Instances" section under the Compute menu. This feature ensures a seamless experience for configuring and deploying RHEL instances, offering full access to all RHEL features.

## New Feature: Hiding Hourly/Monthly Plans

Service providers now have the flexibility to control service plan visibility by offering hourly, monthly, or both options for all services (except for account-level services like Data Transfer, Secondary Storage, DNS Management, and Instance Protection). Admins can tailor the offering based on customer requirements, whether for short-term usage via hourly plans or long-term service subscriptions via monthly plans. This customisation enables more precise service offerings and better alignment with customer preferences.

## New Feature: Catalogue Cloning for Simplified Administration

The new Catalogue Cloning feature enhances the ease of managing custom catalogues. Administrators can now duplicate existing catalogues, adjust pricing, add or remove packs, and assign them to specific user accounts. This feature significantly reduces the time spent creating catalogues from scratch, ensuring efficiency and accuracy. By using cloned catalogues, service providers can quickly adapt to changing business requirements and user demands without starting the process a new one.

## Other Enhancements and Fixes (Includes All bugs)

- Improved the credit note interface to make it easier to understand and simplify the credit creation process.
- Resolved an issue to ensure that IP addresses for VFI are assigned only from VLANs in the enabled state.
- Resolved an issue where incorrect values for used resources were displayed for templates. (This has been reported to ShapeBlue as it is a CloudStack bug.)  
- Resolved an issue where the protection service menu was shown to end users even when the admin hadn't configured it.
- Updated the 'threshold' parameter in Autoscale groups to accept only integer values.
- Fixed a bug to ensure that object storage actions are now accessible for child accounts as well.