---
sidebar_position: 10
---
# Version 2.0.5.0
```
Date: 13.06.2023
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This is a minor release with some additions and bug fixes across the Apiculus system.

## What's Included

- Hourly billing options are now available for VPC and Kubernetes services; thus, users can opt for hourly or Monthly billing.
- Added other services count in the Cloud Overview widget on the dashboard
- Added an option to detach Public IP after static NAT is done.
- Minor UI change for the static content option present under the settings.
- The limit for the characters in the instance name field has been increased to 48.

## Fixes

- Fixed a UI issue with the publish CTA button of the Custom Catalogue
- Fixed an issue with updating the root disk prices for the Windows services present under the default services for the admin portal.
- Fixed a UI issue while creating a rule for the Autoscale.
- Fixed an issue with the mismatch of invoices listed under the billing & financials on the admin portal.
- Fixed an issue while creating a firewall networking rule for the Kubernetes cluster.
- Fixed a UI bug while adding disk packs inside the collection.
- Fixed an issue while resizing the data disk.
- Fixed an issue where when the user switched the VM plan from monthly to hourly, the OS, Root, and compute pack charges were not getting updated as defined by the admins under the default services.
- Fixed a UI issue with the listing of the VPCs.
- Fixed an issue where the admin user could link the accounts and publish the catalogue for the disabled custom catalogues.
- Fixed a UI bug with the listing of Volume after the successful purchase
- Fixed an issue of creating a Virtual firewall when the provider is pfSense.
- Fixed a UI bug while choosing an availability zone in case of creating a Kubernetes cluster.
- Fixed a UI issue with the Cloud Overview widget on the dashboard.
- Fixed an issue with listing subscriptions in the scheduled for deletion tab.
- Fixed a UI bug where no data available was shown in case of zone selection in the network services.
- Fixed an issue with the incorrect calculation for the created Kubernetes cluster.
- Fixed an issue where the mandatory KYC is not done and the user account is not verified. Still, the user could access the individual services create option by clicking the create quick option available on the dashboard.
- Fixed a UI issue with the listing of the snapshot schedules.
- Fixed an issue of listing subscriptions for an individual account on the admin portal where the default subscription for the newly created account was not listed.
- Fixed a UI bug with downloading the credit note on the admin portal.
- Fixed an issue downloading all account export data on the admin portal.
- Fixed a UI bug where the start and end ports were displayed as empty in case of created ICMP rule creation for the Kubernetes cluster.
- Fixed an issue where the other services menu was not enabled after purchasing a Quick plan.
- Fixed an issue with the email format when the admin receives approval requests for the accounts.
- Fixed an issue with the purchase CTA of the DNS service.
- Fixed an issue where two different helper texts were visible on the DNS screen.
- Fixed a UI bug with downloading invoices present under Billing & Financials on the admin portal.
- Added a mandatory field check while creating a DNS record.
- Fixed an issue as the prices were not reflecting as per the precision set by the admin.
- Added a minimum and maximum field validation for custom heading for postal code.
- Fixed a UI bug for creating a new admin from the administration settings on the admin portal.
- Fixed a UI bug with listing the live availability zones.
- Added a helper text for Availability zones selection for the Volume under default services.
- Fixed an issue with the incorrect display of the unbilled charges in the cost estimates option on the dashboard.
- Fixed a UI bug while the compute pack offering under the compute collection.
- Fixed an issue while taking the console of the instance.
- Fixed an issue where the Public IP was displayed as empty with the listing of a VPC.
- Fixed a UI bug where the heading was replaced from add VR configuration to Update VR configuration.
- Fixed a UI bug where the OTP field was not visible in case of 2FA is enabled by the admin.
- Fixed a UI bug displaying the incorrect helper text for Configure Network and Size for creating VPC.
- Fixed an issue with uploading, generating, and deleting SSH keys from the user account.
- Fixed an issue with the content of the virtual machine password email.
- Fixed an issue where the graphs were not visible for the various Instance parameters.
- Fixed a UI bug while adding a port forwarding rule.
- Fixed an issue where the Object storage menu is not enabled even after successfully purchasing the service.
- Fixed an issue where the tiers were not listed while adding NIC to VM.
- Fixed an issue with the updating of the user’s profile.
- Added a helper message when no packs are available while reconfiguring the VPC.
- Fixed a UI bug while adding a TDS for respective accounts from the admin portal.
- Fixed a UI issue when the user selects the cancel option on the password expiry screen.
- Fixed an issue with the email format received when the user deletes the CKS subscription.
- Added a proper error message while adding VR configurations.
- Fixed an issue with the incorrect details displayed in Quotas and Limits.
- Fixed an issue where the admins could not remove the restricted domain from the listing.
- And many more.