---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Version 2.3.0.0
```
Date: 09.07.2024
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a new feature and enhancements across the Apiculus® system.

## New Feature: Apiculus Backup Service

Apiculus now offers the **Apiculus Backup Service** integrated with **Acronis**. Service provider administrators can quickly configure and set prices via the admin portal. End-users can effortlessly take backups and recoveries with automated protection that activates upon instance creation or opt for the service manually post-instance creation. Additionally, users benefit from built-in cybersecurity features and can configure advanced protection settings through the Acronis Cyber Protect dashboard.

For more details on enabling this service, please get in touch with the Apiculus support team at [support@indiqus.zendesk.com](mailto:support@indiqus.zendesk.com).

## UI/UX Enhancements

We've made several modifications to enhance the user interface and experience for a more intuitive and seamless interaction. Here's what's new:

- Updated Notification icon for more cohesiveness.
- Updated the main Call-to-Action (CTA) for starting a new creation process with "New".
- Enhanced data structure of tables for more expeditious and concise understanding.
- Standardised empty screen layout for services so that important information is available up front with the new typography and layout.
- Enhanced the user experience with upgraded action buttons/CTAs and hint messages in Account Centre forms.
- Reorganised Account Centre form to help fill up with ease.
- Clean and reorganised user menu.
- New Sidebar Pane for faster workflows and a delightful user experience.
- Streamlined the end-user dashboard for clearer communication of usage data.

## Other Enhancements and Fixes

- Object Storage service now supports user login with Single Sign-On (SSO) and allows uploading large files from the Apiculus CloudConsole UI (subject to the universal S3 limit of 5TB per upload).
- Eliminated the Zabbix dependency for instance graphs. Apiculus now utilises native CloudStack instance metrics for graphs.
- Minor bug fixes.