---
sidebar_position: 7
---
# Version 2.1.0.0
```
Date: 15.10.2023
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with new features, a refresh of existing features, and enhancements across the Apiculus system.

## New Feature: Resource Approval

For service providers, Apiculus introduces the highly anticipated resource approval feature, which empowers administrators with greater control over resource provisioning. With this feature, SP admins can configure services to require their approval before activation. Custom instructions and attachments can be defined, providing a seamless communication channel between administrators and end-users. Please note that this feature is available for all services in the new UI 2.0, with the exception of Load Balancer Instances.

## New Feature: Menu Visibility

On Apiculus, service provider admins can customize menu item visibility in the end-user portal. The menu becomes visible to end customers when they configure specific services within the default service or custom catalogue. Any services already subscribed to by customers will remain unaffected even if disabled by the admin.

## Refresh: Virtual Firewall

Building on the user experience enhancements introduced in version 2.0, Apiculus brings a fresh and user-friendly interface for the Virtual Firewall service. Enabling the service and configuring prices is now simpler and quicker for service provider admins.

## Refresh: Load Balancer Instances

In line with the latest user experience standards introduced in version 2.0, Load Balancer Instances receive an upgrade. Service provider admins can now effortlessly manage this service, leveraging the powerful options available in default services.

## Other Enhancements and Fixes

- The DNS management feature has been updated to align with the latest pDNS version.
- Front-end optimizations have been implemented for improved performance.
- We've fixed an issue with updating the automation policy.
- A UI issue with OTP verification has been fixed.
- An issue with Kubernetes subscriptions has been addressed.
- A UI bug when uploading Credit Note templates has been resolved.
- An issue with the invoicing bot has been fixed.
- A UI bug during the activation of the Autoscale pack has been addressed.
- Other Minor bug fixes.