---
sidebar_position: 17
---
# Version 1.18.0.0
```
Date: 10.06.2022
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with many new features and enhancements across the apiculus® system.

## Power Up: Bare Metal Provisioning Automation

The Bare Metal service is now fully automated with no need for manual steps on the underlying system. It’s a push-button experience like VMs, with an approval mechanism built on top. We've also taken care of updating the machine inventory in real-time so that the end-users can deploy a Bare Metal machine with minimal hoops.

## New Feature: Data Disk Download

Apiculus® subscriber users now have the option to download data disks. The data disk download process is straightforward and a convenient feature for the end-users. Whenever a volume is detached from a VM, the subscriber can download the volume by just clicking on the 'Download Volume' button.

## New Feature: Restore Virtual Machine Snapshots

Apiculus® subscribers can now revert their existing VMs to the snapshot state(s). Simply, this means that if any end-user has taken a snapshot of any of their VMs, they can revert their VM to the reference point at which the snapshot was/has been created.

## Power Up: Many More Settings and Platform Configurations

The global 'Settings' on the admin console of apiculus® is now a more robust feature for admins. Admins now have many more configurations and localisation options available on the admin console. We are working hard towards giving a lot more control to service providers on how they wish to deliver their cloud experience to their customers and end-users. A lot of restructuring has also been done and the following options are available as configurable settings:

- Email Configuration (any SMTP)    
- SMS Gateway Configuration (supported SMS gateways)    
- Taxation IDs (for customer profile)    
- Localisation Options (phone numbers, supported currencies etc.)    
- Custom `<head>` Scripts (specifically built in order to avoid being bypassed by privacy-focused browsers)    
- Signup Notifications (to be sent to admins and/or custom email addresses)    
- Separate 2FA for Admin
- And many more...

## Power Up: New Trial Programme Triggers

New trial programme triggers have been added which can support automated trial enrollments for new self-signup accounts. Additionally, admin-assisted accounts can be directly enrolled into a trial programme. We've also added an automation action for 'enrolling into a trial programme' so that service providers can offer ramped-up trials - the kind that go like '100% free for 6 months, 50% discount for the next 6, 25% discount for the next 6, and full-price thereafter' 

## Other Under-the-hood Improvements and Fixes

- Minor UI additions on the VM alert feature.
- Other minor bug fixes along with the backend optimisations.

## Sneak Peak

We're readying the system to support API-based provisioning and a whole new experience of creating your service offerings. We're excited - believe us! Reach us on product(at)indiqus(dot)com for more details!