---
sidebar_position: 18
---
# Version 1.17.6.0
```
Date: 19.05.2022
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This is a minor release with a few new features and some enhancements across the apiculus速 system.

## New Feature: KYC-based Restriction

apiculus速 now allows administrators to set up default KYC-based restrictions for both self-signup and admin-assisted accounts. If selected, the respective account types will not be able to purchase anything till their KYC/identity verification has been completed.

## New Feature: Request Tracking for Subscribers

The open requests and completed requests section is available on the apiculus速 subscriber's console. This feature help subscribers check the status of the request raised by them. The withdrawal and resend options have been added so which means subscribers can resend or withdraw a particular request as per their requirement. Subscribers can view these requests section by navigating to subscriptions under financials.

## pfSense Enhancements

In continuation to our last release, new pfSense enhancements have been introduced. Now, pfSense VMs' configuration change is possible, and also the WAN networks will no longer be visible. The major important addition is the migration of pfSense VMs to VR and vice-versa is possible.

## New Feature: VM Alerts

Alerts can now be configured for VMs running on apiculus速 without needing to use Autoscale. Subscribers can define alerts for VMs and configure the email recipients for these alerts using a very simple and easy-to-use interface. This new feature can be accessed from the 'Alerts' tab available inside VM details.

## Other Enhancements and Fixes

- Discount and coupon codes can be emailed to the customers from the admin UI.
- Other bug fixes, backend optimisations and UI enhancements.