---
sidebar_position: 16
---
# Version 1.19.0.0
```
Date: 13.09.2022
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with many new features and enhancements across the Apiculus system.

## New Feature: Infrastructure as Code

We are now ready with one of the most exciting additions to our feature set. Apiculus now works directly with CloudStack's REST APIs, which opens up tremendous possibilities to execute an Infrastructure as Code (IaC) paradigm. API-based provisioning and management, using Terraform providers, scripting using automation tools - are all now a reality on Apiculus. We've introduced this for the key IaaS components of VM, VPC, disks and networks, and will soon be extending this to other services as well.

## New Feature: Object Storage as a Service

Apiculus adds one more handy offering to its marketplace as the object as a service is available as integration with Cloudian HyperStore, and the service providers can offer this fantastic service now. Customers or organizations can create buckets, upload objects, view the usages for buckets, etc. This service can be activated by customers simply from the marketplace section.

## New Feature: Firewall Virtual Domains as a Service

For service providers wishing to offer firewall virtual domains as a service, Apiculus has got it covered as an integration with FortiGate. Subscribers can now view and activate this service from network services in the marketplace. It’s an approval-based process, so whenever a subscriber activates the firewall virtual domains as a service, the admin needs to approve the same. Furthermore, this subscriber UI will have all Virtual Domains and firewalls listed along with interfaces, static routes, etc. We have also provided a manage button that will redirect the user to the FortiGate console.

## New Feature: Support for Multiple Payment Gateways

We have added support for multiple payment gateways on Apiculus. Service providers can provide multiple payment gateways option to the end users. Users can view the multiple gateway options once they are making a payment by clicking Pay Now, and they need to choose the payment gateway from the available options and proceed further.

## New Feature: Free Email Provider Blocking

Now on Apiculus, admins can block free email providers as per their wish. Admins can do this by navigating to the global settings general section and selecting restrict self-signup using free email provider IDs. They can choose the email providers from the list of free email provider domains. Login to your admin account and check it now!

## New Feature: Password Expiry and Rotation

Apiculus now offers app-level security enhancements like password rotation, restriction from repeated passwords and auto-lockout on failed password attempts. Admins can configure all these simply from the Passwords section present under platform settings.

## New Feature: Configurable Session Timeout

On Apiculus, admins can now configure the session timeout for the user session as per their desired choice. Admins can configure this from the settings general section and then define the required inputs under session timeout.

## Other Enhancements and Fixes

- Added support for unicode characters in names.
- Minor changes in the system email templates, e.g., adding a username for the VM along with the username and password. Also, changes in the email subject of resource requests, which admins approve.
- Fixed an issue with Kubernetes cluster deletion.
- The catalogue resolver slowness issue is fixed.
- Fixed a bug while adding tax deductions.
- Fixed an issue with the child account deletion.
- Other minor bug fixes.