---
sidebar_position: 30
---
# Version 1.15.0.0
```
Date: 27.08.2021
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with a new service available on the marketplace.

## Free Networks and pfSense

We've added a new dimension to networking on apiculus速. Advanced networking now has a new flavour called Free Networks in addition to EC and VPC.

Behind the scenes, CloudStack's L2 networking has been extended to apiculus速, which in combination with pfSense, brings loads of benefits in how service providers can offer UTM and networking. This also brings additional advantages around IP conservation in countries where procuring public IP addresses might not be economical.

To begin with, this integration is available as a semi-automated process and we'll be extending this to a fully automated, self-service user experience in the upcoming releases.

## Twilio Integration for SMS

We've added Twilio as a standard SMS gateway integration available on apiculus速. While service providers will still have the option to use their own preferred SMS (and payment) gateways, Twilio (in combination with Paypal for payments) brings a truste global flavour to small, medium and large service providers who are powered by apiculus速.

## Other Inclusions

- Fixed some gaps where some emails that were supposed to show organisation name were not showing them
- VM creation now adds inventory tags in Zabbix hosts
- Added the ability to edit and switch admin roles
- Reseller module taxation fields have been synced with the country of deployment and have been made dynamic
- RBAC has been fixed for trial management
- Added Roles and Rights to Trial account Management - System Admin, - Fixed an issue where organisation names were not searchable whilie adding accounts to trial programmes
- Fixed an issue where newly added accounts were not getting reflected under trials
- Lot of under-the-hood optimisations and improvements