---
sidebar_position: 3
---
# Version 2.2.1.0
```
Date: 24.02.2024
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This release brings minor improvements, a refresh of existing features, and bug fixes across the Apiculus system.

### Refresh: Admin Settings

We've revamped the Admin Settings with a new, user-friendly interface (UI) and improved user experience (UX). Menu items have been organised more logically, making it easier for admin users to find what they need.

### Refresh: Accounts Management

Managing accounts, particularly creating end-user accounts from the admin portal, has been completely redesigned for a more straightforward UI and smoother UX.

### Refresh: Multicloud AWS

Apiculus has refreshed the Multicloud feature for AWS, bringing it in line with the UI standards of version 2.0. Service provider admins now have a simpler method to toggle the service on or off, while end-users can easily activate the service with a straightforward and intuitive process.

### Refresh: Secondary Storage & Data Transfer

Expanding on the user experience improvements in version 2.0, Apiculus has updated the interface for Secondary Storage & Data Transfer, which is now accessible from the Account-level services menu. The revamped interface is more user-friendly, allowing admin users to update pricing conveniently. Please note that quota packs will be discontinued, and Secondary Storage & Data Transfer will now be charged based on usage.

## Enhancements and Bug Fixes

- A new empty screen was introduced for the autoscale group listing page.
- Added access instructions for the Kubernetes Dashboard for Kubernetes version 1.24 and above.
- Updated a few application-level security checks.
- A new payment gateway, Paytabs, was introduced.
- A new SMS gateway, Jormal, was added.
- Additional fields are now configurable.
- Resolved an issue with the Country code not updating for admin user roles.
- Fixed a UI issue with the listing details of requests.
- Resolved a UI bug encountered during the creation of admin user accounts.
- Addressed an issue related to the creation of quick plans.
- Resolved a UI bug while displaying the negative service balance.
- Fixed a UI issue about the listing of Virtual Firewall Instances.
- Updated the helper text for the breach field in the autoscale group
- Resolved the issue where the password for accessing the pfSense UI was sent inaccurately over email.
- Resolved a UI issue with the display of coupon code notifications.
- Addressed a few bugs related to hourly billing.
- Rectified a UI bug encountered during the creation of Quick Plans.